# Generated by r6-generator-maven-plugin: remove this line and make manual changes when you come to CRAN submission

## Test environments

# N.B. this is only true is you have uncommented the correct lines in github actions workflow files
(via GitHub actions)
 
* os: windows-latest, R: oldrel-1
* os: windows-latest, R: release
* os: windows-latest, R: devel
* os: macOS-latest, R: oldrel-1
* os: macOS-latest, R: release
* os: macOS-latest, R: devel
* os: ubuntu-latest; R: release
* os: ubuntu-latest, R: oldrel-1
* os: ubuntu-latest, R: devel

for each environment the tests are run with both Java 8 and Java 11. 

## R CMD check results
# TODO: insert R CMD check results here before submission


## CRAN notes justifications

* This project contains a Java library.

* The Java code that is specific to the package has been compiled and is distributed with the package, but not the source code. External dependencies
from public repositories, will be fetched independently during the first use of this package, which is only possible if the java library only uses public dependencies. 
This is managed by Java's standard package management system, Maven, which is itself downloaded automatically. This reduces the need for libraries to be distributed 
with the R package, minimising the footprint of the R package, but downloading and installing the dependencies is a potential point of failure, and may take quite some time on first use of the library. 
This is mitigated as much as possible by using battle tested standard Java tooling for dependency management, which will only download libraries it has not already used.

* The R6 package is a build time dependency. The note that it is unused can be safely ignored.

* This is a new release.
